= What is !SharePoint Project Template? =
!SharePoint Project Template is a predefined solution template with general classes and API's which is used in !SharePoint projects which can save developer's effort to create solutions, writing base functionality and common methods.


== Who benefits from using !SharePoint Project Template? ==
Using !SharePoint Project Template benefits all of the following:

*!SharePoint Application Developers* – Application developers can create predefined !SharePoint solution in seconds. They will get already implemented exception class, logging, error capturing control, common method etc.


== What features does !SharePoint Project Template?  ==
!SharePoint Project Template provides following functional features:
 # Separation of Projects in term of [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/UI UI], [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/Common Common], [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/TimerJobs TimerJobs], [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/EventHandler EventHandlers], [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/Operations Operations], [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/Exception Exceptions]  
 # Predefined Timer Job code 
 # Predefined Eventhandler code 
 # Predefined Exception class code 
 # Predefined !SharePoint Operation code 
 # Predefined Error capturing code 
 # Predefined Exception class code 

== Steup Guide ==
 # Below link will guide you to step by step [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/Installation Installation of Template in Visual Studio 2010] 
 # [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/DeleteTemplate Un-Install] your template if you want to remove the template from Visual Studio 2010
 

== Getting Started ==
 # In many client-side development scenarios, you will want to use a Microsoft® !SharePoint® project created in the Microsoft Visual Studio® 2010 development system to deploy a Microsoft !SharePoint® application to a !SharePoint environment. This topic shows you how to use a !SharePoint Project Template Visual Studio 2010. It also demonstrates how to deploy the solution and verification of post deployment steps
 # Create first project in !SharePoint 2010 using !SharePoint Project Template with step by step [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/wiki/Sample Sample guide] or can download [http://code.google.com/p/visual-studio-sharepoint-project-template/downloads/detail?name=Sample%20Project.zip Sample project] for your reference